United States securities and exchange commission logo

 June 15, 2023

 Colette Kress
 Chief Financial Officer
 NVIDIA Corporation
 2788 San Tomas Expressway
 Santa Clara , California 95051

 Re: NVIDIA CORP
 Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended January 29, 2023
 File No. 0-23985

 Dear Colette Kress:

 We have limited our review of your filing to the financial
statements and related
 disclosures and have the following comments. In some of our comments, we
may ask you to
 provide us with information so we may better understand your disclosure.

 Please respond to these comments within ten business days by
providing the requested
 information or advise us as soon as possible when you will respond. If
you do not believe our
 comments apply to your facts and circumstances, please tell us why in
your response.

 After reviewing your
response to these comments, we may have additional comments.

 Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2023

 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations
 Results of Operations, page 41

 1. Where you describe two
or more business reasons that contributed to a material change in
 a financial statement
line item between periods, please quantify, where possible, the extent
 to which each change
contributed to the overall change in that line item. As an example,
 we note that the
year-on-year increase in your Compute & Networking revenues was
 driven in part by
growth from hyperscale customers, purchases made by several CSP
 partners to support
multi-year cloud service agreements for cloud service offerings and
 research and
development activities. Additionally, your disclosure of the increase in
 research and
development expense indicates that it was "primarily driven by increased
 compensation, employee
growth, engineering development costs, and data center
 infrastructure," but
does not quantify any of the factors. See Item 303(b)(2) of Regulation
 S-K and SEC Release No.
33-8350. Please revise future filings accordingly.
 2. We note your risk
factor disclosure which identifies inflation as a potential adverse
 Colette Kress
NVIDIA Corporation
June 15, 2023
Page 2
 economic condition which drives the costs for wafers, components,
logistics, and other
 supply chain expenses. In future filings, please expand your
disclosures to identify the
 principal factors contributing to the inflationary pressures the
company has experienced
 and clarify the resulting impact to the company, if material. Please
also identify actions
 planned or taken, if any, to mitigate inflationary pressures
Gross Profit and Gross Margin, page 42

3. We note your narrative discussion of the drivers of the changes in
gross margin for both
 your Compute & Networking and Graphics segment. However, in light of
the fact that
 Note 17 on page 85 discloses that your segment profitability measure
is operating income,
 please revise your discussion in MD&A in future filings to also
include a discussion of the
 nature of the changes in segment operating income for each of your
reportable segments.
 Also, if you continue to discuss the changes in segment gross margin,
such as on the
 bottom of page 42, please revise to include quantification of the
costs of revenues by
 segment so that investors can better assess the significance of the
items disclosed in your
 narrative.
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Revenue Recognition, page 60

4. We note from your disclosure on page 36 of MD&A that in 2023 you
entered into multi-
 year cloud service agreements and Note 1 to the financial statements
includes disclosure
 of your revenue recognition for these agreements. Please tell us if
you offer these cloud
 services in connection with the sale of other products or services. If
so, please tell us and
 revise Note 1 in future filings to disclose how you recognize revenue
for the provision of
 multiple offerings to one customer and your accounting for any
multiple performance
 obligations within customer contracts.
 In closing, we remind you that the company and its management are
responsible for the
accuracy and adequacy of their disclosures, notwithstanding any review,
comments, action or
absence of action by the staff.

 You may contact Charles Eastman at (202) 551-3794 or Claire Erlanger at
(202) 551-
3301 with any questions.

FirstName LastNameColette Kress Sincerely,
Comapany NameNVIDIA Corporation
 Division of
Corporation Finance
June 15, 2023 Page 2 Office of
Manufacturing
FirstName LastName