United States securities and exchange commission logo

 September 23, 2021

 Brian T. Olsavsky
 Chief Financial Officer
 Amazon.com, Inc.
 410 Terry Avenue North
 Seattle, WA 98109

 Re: Amazon.com, Inc.
 Form 10-K for
Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020
 Filed February 3,
2021
 File No. 000-22513

 Dear Mr. Olsavsky:

 We have reviewed your filing and have the following comments. In
some of our
 comments, we may ask you to provide us with information so we may better
understand your
 disclosure.

 Please respond to these comments within ten business days by
providing the requested
 information or advise us as soon as possible when you will respond. If
you do not believe our
 comments apply to your facts and circumstances, please tell us why in
your response.

 After reviewing your
response to these comments, we may have additional comments.

 Form 10-K for Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020 Filed February 3, 2021

 General

 1. We note your
disclosures in your CSR report expressing your commitment to utilize your
 size and scale toward
climate and environmental innovations, and your statement that you
 are committed to
building a sustainable business for your employees, customers and
 communities. We also
note that you provided more expansive disclosure in your CSR
 report than you
provided in your SEC filings. Please advise us what consideration you
 gave to providing the
same type of climate-related disclosure in your SEC filings as you
 provided in your CSR
report.
 Management's Discussion and Analysis, page 19

 2. We note the disclosure
in your proxy statement and your CSR report that you are taking
 meaningful steps in
your journey to be net-zero carbon by 2040 through significant
 investments in
renewable energy and sustainability initiatives. If material, please quantify
 Brian T. Olsavsky
Amazon.com, Inc.
September 23, 2021
Page 2
 capital expenditures and compliance costs for these climate-related
initiatives.
3. To the extent material, discuss the indirect consequences of
climate-related regulation or
 business trends, such as the following:
 decreased demand for goods or services that produce significant
greenhouse gas
 emissions or are related to carbon-based energy sources;
 increased demand for goods that result in lower emissions than
competing products;
 increased competition to develop innovative new products that result
in lower
 emissions; and
 any anticipated reputational risks resulting from operations or
products that produce
 material greenhouse gas emissions.
4. Disclose the material effects of transition risks related to climate
change that may affect
 your business, financial condition, and results of operations, such as
policy and regulatory
 changes that could impose operational and compliance burdens, market
trends that may
 alter business opportunities, credit risks, or technological changes.
 We remind you that the company and its management are responsible for
the accuracy
and adequacy of their disclosures, notwithstanding any review, comments, action
or absence of
action by the staff.

 Please contact Cara Wirth at (202) 551-7127 or Lilyanna Peyser at (202)
551-3222 with
any questions.

 Sincerely,
FirstName LastNameBrian T. Olsavsky
 Division of
Corporation Finance
Comapany NameAmazon.com, Inc.
 Office of Trade &
Services
September 23, 2021 Page 2
cc: Mark Hoffman
FirstName LastName