United States securities and exchange commission logo

 November 8, 2021

 Brian T. Olsavsky
 Chief Financial Officer
 Amazon.com, Inc.
 410 Terry Avenue North
 Seattle, WA 98109

 Re: Amazon.com, Inc.
 Form 10-K for
Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020
 Response dated
October 21, 2021
 File No. 000-22513

 Dear Mr. Olsavsky:

 We have reviewed your October 21, 2021 response to our comment
letter and have the
 following comments. In some of our comments, we may ask you to provide
us with information
 so we may better understand your disclosure.

 Please respond to these comments within ten business days by
providing the requested
 information or advise us as soon as possible when you will respond. If
you do not believe our
 comments apply to your facts and circumstances, please tell us why in
your response.

 After reviewing your response to these comments, we may have
additional
 comments. Unless we note otherwise, our references to prior comments are
to comments in our
 September 23, 2021 letter.

 Form 10-K for Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020

 General

 1. Your response to
comment 2 indicates that your capital expenditures and compliance costs
 related to your journey
to becoming net-zero carbon by 2040 have not been material.
 Please explain in
further detail how you determined that such capital expenditures were
 not material and
quantify the amounts incurred. Your response should address your
 sustainability
initiatives in addition to your investments in renewable energy. With
 respect to compliance
costs, please explain how you determined that the Federal Energy
 Regulatory Commission
licensing fees are not material and quantify any costs necessary
 for you to make certain
that your operations and assets comply with environmental laws
 or regulations.
 Brian T. Olsavsky
FirstName LastNameBrian T. Olsavsky
Amazon.com, Inc.
Comapany 8,
November NameAmazon.com,
 2021 Inc.
November
Page 2 8, 2021 Page 2
FirstName LastName
2. Your response to comment 3 indicates that while you do address demand
for goods and
 services that result in lower emissions through many aspects of your
operations, you
 have not identified trends in product demand attributable to
climate-related regulation or
 business trends, or competitive pressure arising from lower emission
product offerings,
 that are material to your operations or financial results. Please
provide additional detail
 on how you determined that such regulation or business trends were not
material.
3. With respect to reputational concerns related to operations or
products that produce
 greenhouse gas emissions, please explain how you determined that you
have not seen
 material effects on, or material trends affecting, your operations or
financial results, as
 stated in your response to prior comment 3. Your response should more
clearly explain
 how you considered providing disclosure regarding climate change as a
factor that could
 affect your reputation or brand image.
4. Your response to comment 4 points to certain risk factors that you
disclosed in your 2020
 Form 10-K. However, it does not appear that you have provided
disclosure regarding the
 effects of transition risks related to climate change. Please revise
to provide disclosure
 that specifically addresses transition risks, such as those noted in
your response, and
 explains how such transition risks may impact your business, financial
condition, and
 results of operations.
 Please contact Cara Wirth at (202) 551-7127 or Lilyanna Peyser at (202)
551-3222 with
any questions.

 Sincerely,

 Division of
Corporation Finance
 Office of Trade
& Services
cc: Mark Hoffman