United States securities and exchange commission logo

 September 26, 2023

 Zachary Kirkhorn
 Chief Financial Officer
 Tesla, Inc.
 1 Tesla Road
 Austin, TX 78725

 Re: Tesla, Inc.
 Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022
 Filed January 31,
2023
 File No. 001-34756

 Dear Zachary Kirkhorn:

 We have limited our review of your filing to the financial
statements and related
 disclosures and have the following comments. In some of our comments, we
may ask you to
 provide us with information so we may better understand your disclosure.

 Please respond to these comments within ten business days by
providing the requested
 information or advise us as soon as possible when you will respond. If
you do not believe our
 comments apply to your facts and circumstances, please tell us why in
your response.

 After reviewing your
response to these comments, we may have additional comments.

 Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022

 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
 Income Taxes, page 36

 1. We note your critical
accounting estimate for income taxes and that significant judgment
 is required in
determining your provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and
 liabilities, and any
valuation allowance recorded against your net deferred tax assets. We
 also note your
disclosure on page 82 (Note 14 Income Taxes) that you continue to
 monitor the
realizability of the U.S. deferred tax assets, taking into account multiple
 objective and
subjective factors. Please revise your future filings to address the following:

 Expand your
disclosure to provide greater insight into the quality and variability of
 information
regarding financial condition and operating performance. While your
 accounting policy
notes in the financial statements generally describe the method
 Zachary Kirkhorn
Tesla, Inc.
September 26, 2023
Page 2
 used to apply an accounting principle, the discussion here should
present qualitative
 and quantitative information necessary to understand the
estimation uncertainty and
 the impact the critical accounting estimate has had or is
reasonably likely to have on
 financial condition or results of operations.

 We note you reference numerous factors considered in your
assessment of the
 realizability of your U.S. deferred tax assets, including but not
limited to, a history of
 losses in prior years, excess tax benefits related to stock-based
compensation, future
 reversal of existing temporary differences, and tax planning
strategies. Revise to
 provide an analysis of the factors considered, such as how you
arrived at the estimate,
 how accurate the estimate/assumption has been in the past, how
much the
 estimate/assumption has changed in the past, and whether the
estimate/assumption is
 reasonably likely to change in the future. Since critical
accounting estimates and
 assumptions are based on matters that are highly uncertain, you
should analyze their
 specific sensitivity to change, based on other outcomes that are
reasonably likely to
 occur and would have a material effect. Where applicable, provide
quantitative as
 well as qualitative disclosure when quantitative information is
reasonably available
 and will provide material information for investors.

Financial Statements
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 14 - Income Taxes, page 81

2. We note your earnings history, including significant pre-tax income in
each of the three
 years presented within your consolidated statements of operations. We
also note your
 disclosure on page 82 that you intend to continue maintaining a full
valuation allowance
 on your U.S. deferred tax assets until there is sufficient evidence to
support the reversal of
 all, or some portion, of your valuation allowance. Please tell us, and
revise your
 disclosure in future filings to clarify, what you mean when you state
 ... we intend to
 continue maintaining a full valuation allowance on our U.S. deferred
tax assets until there
 is sufficient evidence to support the reversal of all or some portion
of these allowances."
 In this regard, reconcile your disclosure to the
more-likely-than-not recognition
 threshold within ASC 740-10-30, or revise to eliminate the ambiguity.

3. Please provide to us supplementally your analysis of the factors you
considered (i.e., those
FirstName LastNameZachary Kirkhorn
 factors referenced on page 82) supporting your conclusions as of
December 31, 2022, and
Comapany
 2021,NameTesla, Inc.likely than not that your U.S. deferred tax assets
will not be realized.
 that it is more
September 26, 2023 Page 2
FirstName LastName
 Zachary Kirkhorn
FirstName
Tesla, Inc. LastNameZachary Kirkhorn
Comapany 26,
September NameTesla,
 2023 Inc.
September
Page 3 26, 2023 Page 3
FirstName LastName
 In closing, we remind you that the company and its management are
responsible for the
accuracy and adequacy of their disclosures, notwithstanding any review,
comments, action or
absence of action by the staff.

 You may contact Kevin Stertzel at (202) 551-3723 or Hugh West at (202)
551-3872 with
any questions.

 Sincerely,

 Division of
Corporation Finance
 Office of
Manufacturing